esc	left workspace	exit i3
tab	last workspace
-	- vol		-- vol
_	- vol		-- vol
=	+ vol		++ vol
+	+ vol		++ vol
q	kill win	kill win
w	browser		browser
e	neomutt		tutorials
r	ranger		sudo ranger
t	toggle hor/vert	gaps=15px
y	calcurse	resize left
u	dropdown term	resize down
i	htop		resize up
o	sticky win	resize right
p	pause music
[	back 10 secs	back 2 min
]	forward 10 secs	forward 2 min
\	last workspace
a	calculator	audio control
s	+ inner gaps	- inner gaps
d	dmenu		remove gaps
f	fullscreen	freeze mode
g	left workspace	GIMP
h	focus left	move win left
j	focus down	move win down
k	focus up	move win up
l	focus right	move win right
;	right workspace
'	fast right win
z	+ outer gaps	- outer gaps
x	lock screen	shutdown
c	webcam
v	visualizer	projectm
b	bar on/off	stick/float win
n	newsboat
m	ncmpcpp		mute audio
,	previous song	restart song
<	previous song	restart song
.	next song
>	next song
/	fast win below	kill win
?	fast win below	kill win
